My school life
My name is Susie Thompson and I'm 15. I've been at River School London since I was 11
If I pass my exams next year, I'll stay here until I'm 18
River School is a secondary school about 20 minutes away from my home by bike
Before I came here, I went to the primary school near my home
I started primary school when I was five and stayed there for six years
We go to school every weekday from 8.45 a.m. to 3.15 p.m
Before class our teacher checks which pupils are present or absent
Then everyone goes to the main hall there our head teacher tells us news about the school
At 905 a.m. the bell rings and lessons start each lesson lasts for an hour
We have a break from 11.05 a.m. until 11.15 a.m
then another lesson and then lunch for an hour
In the afternoon we have two more lessons before school finishes
This year I have ten subjects maths English physics chemistry French history geography
Music IT and P
Some people learn German instead of French. It's lucky. We don't have exams in every subject
We have a large sports ground for football and tennis where we can play both during and after school hours
After school activities such as sports clubs and language societies are popular too
During the school year there are usually visits to museums and to camps for activities such as climbing and walking in the country
Last year a group of us even went to Japan
There are parties and a sports day and school plays are really popular
Once a term there is a parents meeting so our parents and teachers can talk about our progress
What do I like best about school?
English, chemistry, music, sports clubs, school plays and
Above all my friends